the legend of the chihuahua
has the eyes of a mouthpiece the
heart of an Aztec warrior and the
ears of a donkey maybe mouse
a donkey mouse but who is this
so noble creature
it is meager known as the dog of
ancient kings the history of the chihuahua
it's a mystery I love the
mysteries
some people believe that the Chinese
they were the first to bring the west
chihuahua others say they were the
Spanish conquistadors but cristóbal
colon 'threw this theory into the water
he wrote a letter to the king of spain
where he described a small dog that
had discovered in his travels the new
world leads from the pri way to the king and
Little dog
yes
in fact the ancestry of the chihuahua in
the American continent dates at least
since the 9th century with a dog that
Toltecs called touch and the touch and
who were courageous loyal companions
warriors spiritual guides to cross
to the other world and as if they were bags of
hot water
they did not cross the water with washington
however with these brave
dogs where the chihuahua comes from
turning it into the only race
autochthonous in the Western Hemisphere
Nowadays, the Chihuahuas are
everywhere from television to
the movies
in fact the chihuahua has become so
popular that is now in the eleventh in
the tenth place as the dog breed
more popular
and
and although the chihuahua is considered
as the smallest dog in the world
to true according to a famous book of
records a yorkshire terrier in
particular was the smallest dog and you
you told me like that and although the race of
chihuahua is the most dog breed
small proportionally your brain is
the biggest maybe that's why
he shared with the kings athletes in
battles and impressed the
Spanish conquistadors
and signed the declaration of independence
opened the red sea however with this
so fertile story who knows what world
go to conquer this creature so
brave and braggart
good luck buddy